docs: clarify private module access docs (#608)
infracost/docs: docs/features/terraform_modules.md

For git modules, enter your SSH or HTTPS credentials.

For registry modules, enter the following information:

* **Terraform Cloud:** set the host to `app.terraform.io` and the token to a [Team API Token or User API Token](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html).
* **Terraform Enterprise:** set the host to your Terraform Enterprise hostname and the token to a [Team API Token or User API Token](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html).
* **GitLab:** set the host to `gitlab.com` (or your GitLab hostname) and the token to your [GitLab token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/terraform_module_registry/#authenticate-to-the-terraform-module-registry).
* **JFrog:** set the host to your JFrog hostname and the token to an [identity token](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Terraform+Registry#TerraformRegistry-manual-configurationManuallyGeneratinganIdentityToken).

> * **Spacelift**: Login to your Spacelift organization that has the modules, and go to the Organization Settings > API keys page; create a new API Key called "infracost" and select Space=root or the space(s) that contain your modules. Set the Role to Reader. Open the downloaded `.config` file and use the `token` value from the `credentials "spacelift.io"` section your token in Infracost Cloud. The host should be set to `spacelift.io` or whatever the hostname for your modules are in your Terraform files (e.g. `source = "myhost.com/mymodule"`). Finally, from the Spacelift Organization Settings > Login policy page, update your policy to allow the API key ID to login. The API key ID can be found in the API keys page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Spacelift**: Login to your Spacelift organization that has the modules, and go to the Organization Settings > API keys page; create a new API Key called "infracost" and select `Space=root` or the space(s) that contain your modules. Set the Role to Reader. Open the downloaded `.config` file and use the `token` value from the `credentials "spacelift.io"` section as your token in Infracost Cloud. The host should be set to `spacelift.io` or whatever the hostname for your modules is in your Terraform files (e.g. `source = "myhost.com/mymodule"`). Finally, from the Spacelift Organization Settings > Login policy page, update your policy to allow the API key ID to log in. The API key ID can be found on the API keys page:
```

  ```
  package spacelift
  allow {
    input.session.login == "api::API_KEY_ID_FROM_SPACELIFT_UI"
  }
  ```
* **Other registries:** set the host to the hostname of the registry and the token to the access token for that registry.

> * **Modules from multiple registries:** this could be supported by using the [`TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/environment-variables.html#tf_cli_config_file) environment variable; contact [hello@infracost.io](mailto:infracost.io) so we can assist you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Modules from multiple registries:** this could be supported by using the [`TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/environment-variables.html#tf_cli_config_file) environment variable; contact [hello@infracost.io](mailto:hello@infracost.io) so we can assist you.
```

  # Update this to github.com, gitlab.com, bitbucket.org, ssh.dev.azure.com or your source control server's domain
  ssh-keyscan github.com >> ~/.ssh/known_hosts

  # Run Infracost commands in CI/CD as usual
  infracost breakdown --path /code
  ```

#### Git HTTPS modules

> #### Option 1: use SSH instead of HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Option 1: use SSH instead of HTTPS
```

* **Terraform Enterprise:** set the `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_HOST` environment variable to your Terraform Enterprise hostname and `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_TOKEN` to a [Team API Token or User API Token](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html) (these tokens do not have permission to read variables marked as Sensitive).
* **GitLab:** set the `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_HOST` environment variable to `gitlab.com` (or your GitLab hostname) and `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_TOKEN` to your [GitLab token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/terraform_module_registry/#authenticate-to-the-terraform-module-registry).
* **JFrog:** set the `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_HOST` environment variable to your JFrog hostname and `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_TOKEN` to your [identity token](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Terraform+Registry#TerraformRegistry-manual-configurationManuallyGeneratinganIdentityToken).

> * **Spacelift**: Login to your Spacelift organization that has the modules, and go to the Organization Settings > API keys page; create a new API Key called "infracost" and select Space=root or the space(s) that contain your modules. Set the Role to Reader. Open the downloaded `.config` file and use the `token` value from the `credentials "spacelift.io"` section as the `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_TOKEN`. The `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_HOST` should be set to `spacelift.io` or whatever the hostname for your modules are in your Terraform files (e.g. `source = "myhost.com/mymodule"`). Finally, from the Spacelift Organization Settings > Login policy page, update your policy to allow the API key ID to login. The API key ID can be found in the API keys page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Spacelift**: Login to your Spacelift organization that has the modules, and go to the Organization Settings > API keys page; create a new API Key called "infracost" and select `Space=root` or the space(s) that contain your modules. Set the Role to Reader. Open the downloaded `.config` file and use the `token` value from the `credentials "spacelift.io"` section as the `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_TOKEN`. The `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_HOST` should be set to `spacelift.io` or whatever the hostname for your modules is in your Terraform files (e.g. `source = "myhost.com/mymodule"`). Finally, from the Spacelift Organization Settings > Login policy page, update your policy to allow the API key ID to log in. The API key ID can be found on the API keys page:
```

  ```
  package spacelift
  allow {
    input.session.login == "api::API_KEY_ID_FROM_SPACELIFT_UI"
  }
  ```
* **Other registries:** set the `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_HOST` environment variable to the hostname of the registry and `INFRACOST_TERRAFORM_CLOUD_TOKEN` to the access token for that registry.

> * **Modules from multiple registries:** this could be supported by using the [`TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/environment-variables.html#tf_cli_config_file) environment variable; contact [hello@infracost.io](mailto:infracost.io) so we can assist you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Modules from multiple registries:** this could be supported by using the [`TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/environment-variables.html#tf_cli_config_file) environment variable; contact [hello@infracost.io](mailto:hello@infracost.io) so we can assist you.
```

    terraform_var_files:
      - my-ec2.tfvars
```

> For local development environments, use the Terraform CLI config file: by default Infracost reads registry credentials from your `~/.terraform.d/credentials.tfrc.json` file or the path specified by the  [`TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/environment-variables.html#tf_cli_config_file) environment variable. If you're using a custom Terraform CLI config file to specify the credentials make sure you are setting the `TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable to the absolute path of that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local development environments, use the Terraform CLI config file: by default Infracost reads registry credentials from your `~/.terraform.d/credentials.tfrc.json` file or the path specified by the [`TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/environment-variables.html#tf_cli_config_file) environment variable. If you're using a custom Terraform CLI config file to specify the credentials make sure you are setting the `TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable to the absolute path of that file.
```
